Extra features:

AGENT: if you complete one of these steps, mark it as DONE by including a "(DONE)" text - DONE inside parentheses - in between the number and the start of the instructions.
AGENT: if any of these lines are marked with a "(DONE)" in between the number and the feature, this has already been completed and should be skipped

1. (DONE) Make the pages look better include coloring and modern looks to the buttons and accounts
2. (DONE) Improve the home page when not logged in, as the current page currently shows "Welcome, " with no user there. We can simply make it "Welcome!"
3. (DONE) Show administrator privileges for users that are marked as admin, on their home page when they log in.
4. (DONE) Require an email to login and for users to register their account via a link through their email, once this product is in production. For testing purposes on my local machine, don't make it required
5. (DONE) Allow a higher level of privilege, "site administrator" that can be given to users. Make the same confirmation as it would be done for making a user a "(regular) admin".
5a. (DONE) Change the current "admin" to "organizer". Keep the current power levels the same. The "site administrator" should be named "admin" and hold the privileges listed in 5b and 5c.
5b. (DONE) A site administrator would be allowed to add and remove users, as well as make anyone (but the superuser) an admin/organizer or remove admin/organizer privileges.
5c. (DONE) A site administrator cannot change the privilege level of other site administrators, as this is left only to the superuser.
6. (DONE) Connect to BoardGameGeek and use their API to allow direct linking to a board game from that site, and allow importing information about the game from that site.
7. (DONE) Past events can be viewed, but I should not be able to create an event in the past. 
8. (DONE) Modify the event date field when creating a new event. Let's make it such that we don't need seconds, just an hours and minutes. Also update this "time" to be a separate, optional field from date. Any events with no inputted time can be set at 12am. Keep this field on the same line as the date.
9. (DONE) Mark the fields that are required, in the Create Event task, with a red asterisk. Any fields that are not required (such as the separate time field) should not have a red asterisk.
10. (DONE) Add timezone functionality to the date and time. Allow defaulting time zones based on the current user time zone. Can we default users to a timezone based on their computer time?
11. (DONE) Add settings button and page to all users. Put this as a new button with a gear symbol in the upper right of the screen, left of the "Logout" button.
11a. (DONE) Can set/change timezone.
12. Look into using Google Locations API to set Location in the Create Event task.
13. (DONE) Add an Edit Event task.
14. (DONE) Add an end voting (and resume voting) button to events (in the future only), only by organizer level or higher (admins and superusers).
15. (DONE) Allow admin to set minimum time between end voting and event time start. End voting permanently ends at this time, and resume voting cannot be done after this.
16. (DONE) For users, separate out all games from all users and games for the logged in user.
16a. (DONE) Do this separation by including filters for all columns of the table:
16aa. (DONE) Allow filter of the owner column, by selecting a specific user or multiple users. Include a default "Myself" option as the option that appears first which will be the currently logged in user, and exclude that user from the rest of the list.
16ab. (DONE) Allow filter of the players (count) column, by allowing a user to input a single, specific integer value, and allowing any game that allows that many players (between min and max players, inclusive) to be shown.
16b. (DONE) Allow sorting of the columns on the table:
16ba. (DONE) Sort by name, ascending or descending.
16bb. (DONE) Sort by players, either minimum players ascending or descending, and maximum players ascending or descending.
16bc. (DONE) Sort by user name
16c. (DONE) Add a new "My Games" tab between the "Games" and "Events" tabs on the banner, that shows only the games of the current user. This tab should be visible only when logged in as a user.
16ca. (DONE) The My Games page should show, if the user currently has no owned games in the system: "You currently own no games." in text, with a button below: "Click here to add a game" and format this button like the other buttons on the site. This button should lead to the "Add Game" page that was also accessible from the "Games" list button.
16d. Allow editing and deleting games of the current user by the current user. Also allow editing anyone's game for the superuser, with a confirmation page.
17. (DONE) Add a complexity category when adding/editing a game. Details to be confirmed later, DO NOT ADD THIS FEATURE YET, it needs to be flushed out.
18. When adding or editing a game, and using the BGG API feature:
18a. [BUG] When clearing out a search in the BGG search area, and searching for a different game, the text for Name and Description don't get replaced. I want it such that if they clear the BGG, both fields still stay, but if they search for and select a new game, the fields get replaced by the new name and description fields. I would expect all other fields to be replaced as well.
18b. [BUG] Improve the search:
18ba. Include automatic results whenever a letter is typed or deleted. If this drastically increases performance issues, don't include it.
18bb. Separate out colons and possibly other punctuation, so that the search is a bit more relaxed. For example, searching "Eclipse Second Dawn" should return https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/246900/eclipse-second-dawn-for-the-galaxy, which is known as "Eclipse: Second Dawn for the Galaxy". When I searched "Eclipse: Second Dawn", it returned, but I want it to be less restrictive.
18bc. Multiple, different games with the same name appear multiple times in the search results, and they're indistinguishable. For example, searching "Space Base" returns three games that have the same name - "Space Base", but only one (the second one when I searched) returned the most modern instance I wanted.
18c. Is there a link back to the BGG instance? I would like a non-editable (only deletable), non-required "ID" that is basically BGG's ID for that game, and basically provide a way back to the site if someone wants to view it on BGG. If we could, possibly also add a warning if someone adds/edits a game without this value (i.e. they deleted it). But it should also be replaceable as listd in 18a.
19. (DONE) Change the blue checkmark that indicates a user is verified to be a customizable option in the Settings page, like a gear icon or a space ship icon, basically board game themed icons. Have the hover text (when someone hovers their mouse over this symbol) show "Verified User" so people actually know what the icon means.
20. (DONE) Allow mobile access. Let's make sure the CSS allows for narrower screens.
21. (DONE) Allow superuser to delete users in the system. The confirmation page has the superuser enter the player's username to be able to delete it. Also restrict usernames to letters, numbers, underscores and dashes only.
22. (DONE) Add a notification feature to this site. Display a bell symbol/icon in the upper right, left of the settings (gear) button. A red dot with a white number should also appear if there are any unread notifications. Notifications can be anything to notify the user, such as an upcoming event. Need to also test notifications that come from group events, that was done as part of the Group Migration Feature.
22a. (DONE) Show a notification when a user has a game (from before the complexity system was introduced) that has no complexity. They will be redirected to edit their game and add complexity, which is now a required field. Show a notification per game that needs complexity to be added.
23. Implement a public profile view, that shows to other users a public persona. Could show a profile picture, the verified icon listed in step, etc. This view is accessible if a user clicks on another person's profile.
24. Add a security feature where I can add a very specialized login at any time, such as if I need to go into the data and delete a certain group and NO ONE else can log in, for any reason. This log in could be like a password or like the login we currently have for staging. But I would need to be able to go in and edit.
25. (DONE) Pre-release - add an access code to allow access to the current beta. Use hashing for access. This is similar to the login for staging, but only a password.
26. Allow organizers and admins to bulk add events.
27. Separate out tests as unit tests and system tests, so that some may be run at certain times and not in all tests necessary.
28. Allow game expansions to be included as subinformation on an existing game. This can be feteched from BoardGameGeek as those expansions are marked as such on that site. Not sure how it's returned in the API, however.
29. When group-owned games model and VotingFeature are implemented, allow games that get added per session to be added to a specific user's library OR to the group.
30. Include a duration feature where the events can last a certain amount of time. We can ask a default duration upon group creation and even include a default defaulted value of like 2 hours. This can affect what users can do while an event is active.
31. Event voting - game list needs to aggregate all instances of the same game together. It doesn't make sense to vote for different Catan instances when we're deciding what to play, we're not picking one Catan copy over another. This also means that Catan base game is still different than Catan base game AND Catan: Cities and Knights, an expansion.
31a. Based on the complexity feature, need to determine which complexity of duplicate games gets shown on event voting and voting results. It doesn't make sense to show all of the values among all the different players to own them, but we do want to display at least one, hopefully just one.
32. Validate passwords, when reset, that they cannot be similar to the past 5 previous passwords they've used.
33. Separate out admin settings from personal settings. Will require subtab features, most likely, when clicking on the Settings button on the top right.